# EVERYTHING HERE IS WIP
But despite being WIP a lot of things here work, like the trading scripts Kupo Box and Post Moogle should work completely, and they're very fast/efficient

## Job Unlocker
1. `job unlocker.lua` is the script used to either do GC related tasks such as hunt log or unlock and do quests related to GC/FC things.

This script allows you to complete quests, hunt logs and other various things for maintaining GC, FC and retainer related actions.
A lot of this script can or will be replaced by questionable in the future so it's not a prio to fix broken features, however if there is demand they might be fixed.

## Item trading
1. `Post Moogle.lua` is the supplying part of the item trading duo script, has configurable options and can be configured easily using `Post Moogle CharListGen.lua`.
2. `Kupo Box.lua` is the receiving part of the item trading duo script, has configurable options and can be configured easily using `Kupo Box CharListGen.lua`.

Both of these allow for quickly transferring items between two or more characters.
The CharListGen scripts can be found under the tools folder.

## GC Provision Supply
1. `Auto Gen Provisioning List.lua` compiles all required GC provision supply items into a file to further be used with other scripts.
2. `Generate list of items to gather.lua` converts the list generated by the previous script into a `list_to_gather.txt` file to display what items each character needs for that day.
3. `Trade GC items to alts.lua` is the GC version of the supplying item trading script, it should be used in conjunction with `Kupo Box.lua` to give the items to the alt character.
4. `Deliver GC Items.lua` delivers the items to the GC automatically, has configurable options.

These scripts allow you to easily level up DoL jobs, and at scale.

### All files use `vac_functions.lua`, `vac_lists.lua` and optionally, but used by most by default, `vac_char_list.lua`.
The above files need to be places in your Something Need Doing config directory, which will be located at %appdata%\XIVLauncher\pluginConfigs\SomethingNeedDoing\


Required plugins: AutoRetainer, Teleporter, Lifestream, TextAdvance, Something Need Doing (Expanded Edition), Pandora's Box, vnavmesh

# Project License

This project is licensed under the [GNU GPL v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).

## Third-Party Libraries

This project includes the following third-party libraries:

- JSON Library for Lua
  - Source: https://github.com/craigmj/json4lua
  - License: MIT License
  - The full license text is included with the library code.

The inclusion of MIT-licensed code in this GPL-licensed project does not affect the overall licensing of the project, which remains under the GNU GPL v3.
